Don't worry.
Ye Qingmei won't have a chance to trouble you
But after he and Lin Nian Nian died
I am the mistress of the Luo family
What? Roxeki wants to hurt him?
No, I have to remind him.
I have lost my mother
Can't lose my biological mother again
Ah, I didn't expect that you are really Ye Qing's daughter.
It's a pity that you just met
We went to Huangquan together, haha.
There will be retribution
And Chu Sifeng is a member of the Chu family of the Empire
He won't let you go.
Then I'll do it all the time
Others are out of tune
I will worry about whoever dares to find my way to make a fortune
Hey depressing
Are you not feeling well?
Why don't you go back and rest?
I feel like Nian Nian has something wrong
I'm a little anxious
Hmph, the eldest lady will be fine today
You have to take care of yourself.
Drink some water and rest